Adds feature branch development guidelines (#127)
opensearch-project/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [First Things First](#first-things-first)
- [Ways to Contribute](#ways-to-contribute)
  - [Bug Reports](#bug-reports)

>   - [Feature Requests \& Proposals](#feature-requests--proposals)

Reviewer: TOC doesn't match, update.

Author: This change actually fixes the TOC for the Feature requests heading. The previous link does not actually work. It was my markdown linter that actually caught this error

Reviewer 2: Looked at @ashwin-pc's forks seem to work as expected. [[link](https://github.com/ashwin-pc/opensearch.github/blob/doc/feature-branching/CONTRIBUTING.md#feature-requests--proposals)]

If we accept the PR, a [maintainer](MAINTAINERS.md) will merge your change and usually take care of backporting it to appropriate branches ourselves.

If we reject the PR, we will close the pull request with a comment explaining why. This decision isn't always final: if you feel we have misunderstood your intended change or otherwise think that we should reconsider then please continue the conversation with a comment on the PR and we'll do our best to address any further points you raise.

> ## Feature branches

Reviewer: Capitalize Like Other Titles to be consistent.

> For long running features that need collaboration between multiple members of the community, we use feature branches. We use a hybrid of the feature branch development model and the continuous integration development model. Maintainers of a repository can create a feature branch and a corrsponding label associated with the feature. Each feature branch will have the following safeguards:

Reviewer 3: Do we also want to mention that feature branches should have a meta issue associated with them? And would an example of a feature branch with all these features (meta issue, branch, label) be useful to link to?

Author: Yeah i like the idea of a meta issue but do we have a good example yet to link here? Also since the feature branches will be deprecated once the feature is complete, the links will be outdated coon too.

> For long running features that need collaboration between multiple members of the community, we use feature branches. We use a hybrid of the feature branch development model and the continuous integration development model. Maintainers of a repository can create a feature branch and a corrsponding label associated with the feature. Each feature branch will have the following safeguards:

Reviewer 4: Would you please point the direction(might be links) to guide the contributors towards finding what is the best way to ask the maintainers to create the feature branch? Should they create an issue and request maintainers? Please provide more details.

Author: Good callout, i will add a sentence for contributors looking to introduce a new feature

> 1. High frequency integration: PR's to main are raised not once the feature is complete, but whenever we reach the closest integration point during development. e.g. once the plugin is bootstrapped, or a core feature is complete. we also frequently rebase changes from main back into the feature branch

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. High frequency integration: PR's to `main` are raised not once the feature is complete, but whenever we reach the closest integration point during development. For example, once the plugin is bootstrapped, or a core feature is complete. We also frequently rebase changes from main back into the feature branch.
```

>     1. This makes the integration frequency much higher allowing us to catch integration issues much quicker.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    1. This makes the integration frequency much higher and allows us to catch integration issues sooner.
```

>     2. This still lets collaboratively develop on a big feature that is not ready for main

Reviewer 3: nit - end all list items with a period for consistency

```suggestion
    2. This still lets us collaboratively develop on a big feature that is not yet ready for `main`.
```

> 2. Treat feature branch PR's the same as PR's to main. i.e. CI is run on all PR's, no incomplete work should be merged, Tests are necessary for all PR's etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Treat feature branch PR's the same as PR's to `main`. CI should run on all PR's, no incomplete work should be merged, tests are necessary, etc.
```

What about CHANGELOG enforcement? It seems sensible to make an exception for that (only editing the CHANGELOG as part of the PRs to `main`.

Author: Given the open discussion around changelog and back-porting thats happening right now, i'd keep that out of this until we have clarity there

   1. This maintains the code quality going into each feature making the integration to main PR's much easier and quicker
   2. More visibility during development since it gives reviewers the necessary time to review each PR.
3. Feature specific labels: This helps identify feature related issues and PR's.

> All the safeguard here are not rules but guidelines and should be adopted by each repository based on their specific requirements. This is to ensure that feature branch development is less likely to have code quality issues and massive merge to main PR's.

Reviewer: This is good. 

Run a spell checker, e.g. `corrsponding` is mispelled.
Make sure all sentences have periods at the end, like the first bullet and 2.1.

Consider shortening the text and maybe getting rid of bullet points. What are the most important points? I think the fact that feature branches need to match the process on main, but then you make a lot of assumptions about that process itself. We're not that prescriptive or we don't need to repeat all the things we do on main, saying "Feature branch processes, including but not limited to working through pull requests, doing code reviews and ensuring that CI/CD passes, should be the same as on `main`."

Author: I am hesitant on being less prescriptive here since that has often led to more confusion than less. Especially as the number of repositories that we have grows, being more opinionated is quite useful since it removes ambiguity. That being said, I do call out that these are not rules, but rather guidelines, so repo owners can make judgement calls as they see fit.

Reviewer 2: This section looks fine to me, thanks for cleaning up the structure.
